Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder if you have
Gwenevere Abriel: The ability to set up a little bit of a setting where your eyes are right across from mine and you have
Gwenevere Abriel: The two two objects about shoulder width apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right on the Mac side each side of your phone, just in case we want to do some bilateral stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know I'm throwing it as you unexpectedly. So take a minute and think, well, gee, I have this crate that I could build off or I have some books. I could stack up just sort of, I'm going to open up a note, just really let's give some brainstorming from London. See what's possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes are the same height and then how you're looking down. Let's see if we can bring your eyes.
Alicia Noedel: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that you're like this because it won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time, though, there's no pressure. Don't, don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want any
Gwenevere Abriel: Extra stress to it. Easy, breezy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, that seems like it's higher. It seems higher.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be like, no, not too high because what we want what I want is
Gwenevere Abriel: That when you're looking at these two objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: That are they about the same height those objects that are next to your phone left and right of your phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see you look at the tops of those two objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're above you somehow it's interesting.
Alicia Noedel: I have I have like a little steps to on top of my because there's no
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay.
Alicia Noedel: You're okay where I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me ask you something. So here's what I want you out. Here's what your eyes just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want that. Here's what I want. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so maybe it's just a little, a little piece of tape right at the center of right of those little things working, get creative. I know I'm not hung up on anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we just want this bilateral to see your eyes have this nice horizontal gaze left and right, I need this left right hemisphere going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could even be the label. If you knew that you were just going to look from label to label to label the label label you could turn it to the back. Maybe they're about the same height. What are we thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Alicia Noedel: Trying to figure out what I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Little piece of tape a little marker Sharpie.
Gwenevere Abriel: bandaid
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to waste those standards.
Alicia Noedel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about sticky note.
Alicia Noedel: Maybe we can do it from here. Hold on.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: BAD IS IT FEEL. Um, so your eyes and we're just going to set it up right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just want to check and see if they're in distress. If the eyes are in distress. So if it feels like they're, they're looking too far and we come back a few inches.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we want it to be comfortable. So you're looking at about. I know it's like a foot and a half. Just looking left and right. So, your eyes will look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're not doing is all the way over. We're told you know
Gwenevere Abriel: We I don't want that distress, because you won't want to do it and it'll, it'll be kind of paint.
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Sorry, I had to get my little pillow know
Gwenevere Abriel: You just, this is all about setup. Right now it takes longer need
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's no way I can put this in a text. So I try to explain
Gwenevere Abriel: That if I'm like okay so finding like what is this lady talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me just see a comfortable. I gaze from the tops of those two objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, that's it. Does that feel like it's straining. No. Yeah. It didn't look like it. That seems like that's about right.
Alicia Noedel: Excellent. And if they are, you could put the little closer because they're about an inch away from my phone still on each side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so have a headphone jack.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is the way I think about it. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm closer to it, then it's going to strain more as I'm, as you said, Daniel, move them away. So you have more movement. So if you are about an arm's length away.
Alicia Noedel: We probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Still about, I would say shoulder width is probably a good distance. So we'll just stick with that, well, we'll see if it's effective that way. Um, so, but first I want to see how you're doing. Want to check in with you physically sleep eating emotionally. How are you doing,
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Still dealing with them problems with my daughter.
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: The formula.
Alicia Noedel: The yeast infection that she had in her mouth.
Alicia Noedel: Right, I guess it's common for it. Once it's in the body to spread to other places.
Alicia Noedel: And so she has it on her private parts. Now,
Alicia Noedel: Okay, and
Alicia Noedel: The doctor told me to get, you know, like they make medicated ones that come with applicators that you insert
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha, he
Alicia Noedel: Told me to get them and put it on the surface of her skin but not a lot of it and yesterday when I took her pamper off in the morning to change her. She was bleeding from all the little bumps that she had
Alicia Noedel: So I'm just kind of frustrated because they don't want to send me any antifungal that's like a lower grade. That's not going to affect her that. But now she has wounds. It's not just like diaper rash.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so she's probably fussier and more irritable and that affects everybody and you and sleep, and it has a chain reaction.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I went to sleep at like four last night. So I'm really feeling it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so that's all right with some you've shown up tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm just showing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: How are the dynamics with relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: No increase tension with fiance.
Alicia Noedel: I'm, you know, I'm really happy to have him home even, you know,
Alicia Noedel: If that means he's not working. I'm you know missing. This is the most time we spend together in our whole relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's not like you still like to die.
Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Matter, now I'm stuck to them anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a good thing to find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like him around feels good. So that's the upside of this sort of global crisis. And how's your mindset around things you can control things you can control how much
Gwenevere Abriel: Be watching me, being careful to not watch hours and hours of it just sort of go in, maybe once a day. Watch it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, get out.
Alicia Noedel: I check it once a day to see um
Alicia Noedel: You know what the amount of numbers of cases are
Alicia Noedel: We made masks. Although us masks that have bandanas and hair ties.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's really cool. I like that.
Alicia Noedel: We've just been drinking along
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Okay. And you're stable on your buprenorphine. You look stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tired unstable. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just go nice and easy. Here, we'll just see where this takes us
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of what we've been doing is developing.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple of things. Let me check in on the anchor room and see if we expect. Somebody texted you.
Alicia Noedel: Know I was I'm seeing if I could switch the camera because right now I'm the big picture in your the little picture.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're my big picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, I'm fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we got all the way through. So we might want to spend some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Completing it's up to you. But we had begun to develop resource room. And one of the reasons
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm I'm suspecting it's incomplete is I, I can see, we ended with
Gwenevere Abriel: The emotion. I'm scared. I feel less overwhelmed everything
Alicia Noedel: Will
Gwenevere Abriel: Be fine. I'm not in this position anymore. You're able to really distinguish time
Gwenevere Abriel: I can handle things more now. I don't feel helpless anymore wish somebody would have protected and cared enough to stop putting drugs before you, you were able to sort of say that tired of being hungry every day head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Head was shaking. No, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I am just. It is hard to think about. I wish they could hug feels better trust the hug all the tears and insecurities being scared in the ball. So it looks like there was this sort of there was some emotion that came up. We didn't quite get all the way through this
Gwenevere Abriel: This exercise and we needed to put it in the ball.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or even drop it off at telos Gorge Bridge. Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can see, we didn't finish this activity, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a couple of pieces that are missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry yours just kicked in, just start. Sometimes I wonder if it has something to do with coffee, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I've done a month or so, without it still had it. That's not it. Yeah, I'll be doing the hair flip
Gwenevere Abriel: So there might not be much left. Let's just, let's just go in in there again. So give yourself a nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Gentle breath just tuning into the breath again get back into the body. Maybe. Maybe. Close your eyes. If you're able
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to use some of the adjectives that you use to describe this room. See if we can go back there. We're going to perfect it because again this has to be an anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the world around you, the people may be
Gwenevere Abriel: upsetting you can go here, you can go here to solve a problem to sit and be quiet or socialize, you can have whatever you want in this space. This is your space because a lot of important things that can happen there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were originally
Gwenevere Abriel: Walked around. I wasn't there for him. The way I should have been. I was in an abusive relationship sister miscanthus boyfriend didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me be at Dad's house and my relationship with Father suffered
Gwenevere Abriel: There was an emotion of sadness and the stomach was hurting like a sinking feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's an awareness that it goes as far back as age nine, there was this sense of dread.
Gwenevere Abriel: We used a nickname Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: What you came to mind was the basement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Came to my about an average size.
Gwenevere Abriel: white color really nothing in it, gray and white speckle
Gwenevere Abriel: Bright bunch of lights on the ceiling. No windows.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as I start to use these adjectives. I'm Elisa if you want to change it because there is more there. I want to hear about it and I want to add to the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's something you want to take away if your stomach turns if something happens in your body when you hear me say something if you don't like it anymore. Then let's change it. Remember the destiny is that it is a beautiful, peaceful safe space. I don't quite see that in here yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want
Alicia Noedel: That it's empty. I don't like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, exactly.
Alicia Noedel: There's no reason to me when I think about it being empty and makes me nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to address that.
Alicia Noedel: It kind of takes away the safety part of it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. Good caught it makes me nervous. And we certainly don't want you, you're not going to want to go there if you're nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, neither so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can bring what's needed in here. Let's go to, let's go to the stomach and check in there. Let's just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would bring a sense of relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe feeling what can be there.
Alicia Noedel: I was gonna say a fireplace, but that doesn't make any sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see this is you're wrong, or you should you should see that the things we've got in these rooms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's see if that okay so we got a fireplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's continue. And as they come up as you start to see something, then you just just you can tell me. Okay, so we have a fireplace and
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a bunch of sort of no windows, the carpet is tan.
Gwenevere Abriel: There are stairs leading in my room wooden white glass handle two or rather glass handle. There's a door that has a lot to handle walk
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was
It was
Gwenevere Abriel: Locked
Gwenevere Abriel: The room is warm clean
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am thinking is this carpet. That's fluffy and soft.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And you could hear actually the heater.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turning on and blowing
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see the event on the ceiling.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can smell cleaning products and a fresh air freshener kind of not much of a taste.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Were sitting on the floor in the middle of the concrete floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: more pleasurable that tolerable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in with your body and see, as I said that what comes up.
Alicia Noedel: Other way around
Alicia Noedel: more tolerable and pleasure. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we
Gwenevere Abriel: See if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Make this something more pleasant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to that fireplace. So let's just sit with the fireplace and why don't you describe it to me, where is it what do you just described it.
Alicia Noedel: It's on the front wall of the room.
Alicia Noedel: So if you're against the farthest wall away from the stairs. It's on the front wall next to the staircase.
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: And
It's
Alicia Noedel: As a mental but it's made of raw
Alicia Noedel: Hmm, like individual rocks.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it like cemented in. So how it's kept there. How's it kept
Alicia Noedel: Let's see, I would submit, I know envisioning my my auntie Connie's
Alicia Noedel: She had a really beautiful fireplace in her house and
Alicia Noedel: Her house meant meant really like calm safety nets to me because she was very
Alicia Noedel: Like stable. She was one of, like, the more stable people in my life when I was a kid.
Alicia Noedel: So I think about that fireplace. And I remember how COZY THAT HOUSE WAS because we would spend, you know, like every Christmas for like a week there so it just felt very warm and like you could smell cookies baking and it was like everyone was there. And everyone was happy and
Alicia Noedel: So I think about that fireplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go to your room. And let's see. Let's see what we can do to add on to see if you can really envision
Gwenevere Abriel: That that mantle just right where it is by the stairs, and is it lit is the fire burning
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does, how does it feel to have that fireplace in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. What's the temperature in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you smell.
Alicia Noedel: Really smoky smell from the fire. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You mentioned cookies earlier and you're not mentioning it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's the, it's the smoky smell from the fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where are you in this room.
Alicia Noedel: I want to add either a really big couch sectional with one of those parts on the couch that kind of has a long part of the couch like a bed.
Alicia Noedel: Hahaha, or
A bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Mom. So we might
Come
Gwenevere Abriel: Out a city, but, uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay okay so LC LC and you wanted to be a bed or just sort of that.
Alicia Noedel: I want the L part the like end of the L part to be like almost a full sized
Bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Full size.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where is it in this room.
Alicia Noedel: directly across from the flight place on the other end of the wall. So if the fireplaces in front of you, it would be behind you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what color is it, what is it made up.
Alicia Noedel: Black and sweet.
Alicia Noedel: Little throw pillows all over it.
Alicia Noedel: And throw
Alicia Noedel: A plush one
Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Alicia Noedel: Kind of just think about what I want my future to look like and
Alicia Noedel: You know, I think that like parts of me are happy with. I'm happy with where I am, but you know I craved my own space a lot. And so I've thought about this you know a lot
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great more envision it, the more likely it's going to happen so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: By. Yeah, this place is starting to shape up a little differently than concrete floor. So let's take a look at the flooring again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there was, I could have sworn, there was a little bit of carpet at one point.
Alicia Noedel: Yes, carpet. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that the fluffy and soft.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Alicia Noedel: And I'm wanting to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what color carpet.
Alicia Noedel: I want it to be darker.
Alicia Noedel: Either gray or black
Gwenevere Abriel: Or black and is it still fluffy and soft.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, curly, curly,
Gwenevere Abriel: Curly fluffy song.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice on the walls.
Alicia Noedel: Hey guys, an accent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Accent
Alicia Noedel: The fireplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, that's the backdrop around it. Okay. Excellent. Well, sort of behind or framing behind fireplace. Would that be a good way to say it. Sure. Okay. You change. And if you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it full of different. What is it, what is it made of accent wall.
Alicia Noedel: So since the rest of the room is white.
Alicia Noedel: That room. We are that will be gray. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Like light, light gray like actually great.
Alicia Noedel: With filigree on it white filigree
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture being in that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Black suede sectional
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost full size bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Black, gray curly soft fluffy carpet and FIREPLACE. WARM.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the smell faint smoky
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the stones, the rocks, much like your auntie Connie's
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a sense of cozy calm safe and stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Temperatures comfortable warm feels comfortable and the temperature is more
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotions do you have here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm checking with a body. See how it's doing MySpace.
Alicia Noedel: Relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice the part of your body when you have to check in just now that you decided right that word relax that fits were part of the body's relaxed.
Alicia Noedel: Or legs.
Alicia Noedel: That's usually what starts to tense up on me when I get like nervous. I start to either bounce, or I stiffen up my calves I flex
Alicia Noedel: My stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stomach.
Alicia Noedel: Level.
Alicia Noedel: When I get stressed out, or like nervous.
Alicia Noedel: It starts to turn
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: It's almost like the same feeling like when you get in trouble in school and you know you're getting very like going to call your parents or
Alicia Noedel: Your you know you get in trouble somewhere and you know you're going to get in real trouble. It's like that feeling in your stomach like butterflies kind
Alicia Noedel: That's what everything is
Gwenevere Abriel: In the room.
Alicia Noedel: What was that
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing in the room.
Alicia Noedel: Sitting on my couch bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked you earlier. The last time we had done this, I asked you to sit with some misinformation. I'd like to visit that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're feeling at ease, while your legs are relaxed and your stomach is level, I'd like you to remember that the magic that's possible in here is limitless.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can call upon that magic anytime you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to wait for me. You can just do it anyone anything anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The misinformation that we had started to to explore was
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: pretend nothing is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every everyone's life is like this. I'm over exaggerating. You remember that.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was the misinformation of the nine year old. I
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no reason to be upset, everyone's life is like this. I'm just exaggerating.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to pretend nothing's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without it,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to make sure that's true because I changed the wording.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit because you said I pretended nothing is going on. Did you feel you had to pretend. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You as an adult. No, that's not true.
Gwenevere Abriel: The nine year olds needed to believe that, in order to survive. Alice needed to believe that
Gwenevere Abriel: To survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Checked out your body's doing
Alicia Noedel: Are we doing to ok ok I just got a little watery.
Gwenevere Abriel: does Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a question just Ellis have something she wants to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Around this misinformation, she may have a question. She may have it might be in her legs. It might be in her stomach. Sometimes we give voice to the bodies, the body parts that didn't have a voice and maybe got stuck in lodged in there.
Alicia Noedel: I think that most of the time, I always wondered when it was going to stop.
Alicia Noedel: And more importantly, how it was going to stop because I didn't see anybody you know getting clean anytime soon, and in
Alicia Noedel: You know, I didn't want to get taken away, either because I had
Alicia Noedel: The theater. I think the school knew something was going on because they had me go into a room with a woman. I think she was like a school counselor once a week.
Alicia Noedel: And she asked me, you know, how are things at home or your parents. Okay. Does your parents do drugs do they hit you, whatever. And I like every time.
Alicia Noedel: Because I don't want to get take
Gwenevere Abriel: Away. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
OK.
Alicia Noedel: I told her you know I told her what I told myself, everything's fine. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard Alice that you might want to know wondered
Gwenevere Abriel: How
Gwenevere Abriel: And when this will stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most important how
Alicia Noedel: Because even that I was scared about because I knew that if you know if it was gonna stop it wasn't gonna end well. Like, one of them was gonna die or both of them. I didn't think
Alicia Noedel: Any way that situation would in positively.
Alicia Noedel: Even that gave me like anguish, just thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's stay here. Let's not expand out any further. Just stay right there, wanted to know how
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm just wanting to get a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: The it
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see if we can get either a few words, one word or maybe you've got a label for the get
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that needed
Gwenevere Abriel: To stop.
Alicia Noedel: When was my life going to
Alicia Noedel: Win was all of the
Alicia Noedel: Things that were happening in my household going to change because
Alicia Noedel: I didn't know I want to, I want to elaborate on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is why not. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's the it and the stuff that I'm zeroing in on
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be inviting a conversation. And so it can come clear
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually through this conversation. So I want you to just kind of have in the back of your mind that
Gwenevere Abriel: Some conversation. It might be about to happen between Alice and Elisa
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that might not be who the conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is worth. I'm not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: And see the wondering, are you wondering
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: What will stop.
Alicia Noedel: I guess I can rephrase it.
Alicia Noedel: As not stop but change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once the it
Alicia Noedel: The
Alicia Noedel: Way, the way that
Alicia Noedel: Things aren't normal like everybody on drugs. I wouldn't, you know, how are we going to become an old man weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got parents on drugs is there neglect and abuse is that the it
Alicia Noedel: Look like. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's drug use those neglect. When will that stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when
Alicia Noedel: They knew that when they're drug use, stop.
Alicia Noedel: The abuse, like the physical abuse would stop because those weren't who my parents were, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can get Alice to maybe ask the adult
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of turn inward to
Gwenevere Abriel: To that space at this young girl at about nine
Gwenevere Abriel: MB. She's cozy on that couch and feeling case.
Gwenevere Abriel: This difficult question, and I know things change.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you think, Who does she need to ask, Who does she want to ask about when will it stop and how so first thing that kind of comes to mind.
Alicia Noedel: There's no one I could ask
Alicia Noedel: I kept it to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And now once you to bring in the magic, magic of
Gwenevere Abriel: Time and Space completely morphs and anything is possible. And you get to know the how you get to know the when you get to know all those things, magically, so just imagine that Alice makes a wish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wish you wish.
Alicia Noedel: Life was different.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was there. What would be different.
Alicia Noedel: Mom and dad were we doing drugs.
Alicia Noedel: Mom won't be working and she wouldn't have all of these medical problems.
Alicia Noedel: And we will live in a nice house in a nice neighborhood with food and all the cabinets.
Alicia Noedel: And I will get at least a couple new school clothes and it was time to go to school every year, not have holes in my shoes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That space wants you to feel cozy and warm for that room and you hear the crackling fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see
Gwenevere Abriel: All the details.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the color.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the couch and almost feel because suede kind of has these fibers that if you move them back and forth. They can create patterns and feel the fibers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe allow this younger self to be absorbed into that sensation. Maybe it's cool when she first touches at the suede and maybe it warms your hands remain on it.
Alicia Noedel: Maybe she's I didn't know what suede was I was like 17
Alicia Noedel: I would have probably been amazed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And you can even draw a little patterns. It's like, light, dark, light, dark, light, dark
Just notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Her little nine year old legs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tuned in to where she needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: She was notice they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not so much in possessions, but more like a feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: What would bring the feeling, what do we need in that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that Alice can feel at peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her legs can relax and your stomach can level.
Gwenevere Abriel: To picture her in choose cutie pie shoes when you picture.
Alicia Noedel: No shoes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want someone in the room. Notice how you're not bringing anyone in there that magic can pull magically anybody anything anywhere.
Alicia Noedel: I just felt very misunderstood at that time. And I felt like I didn't really have anybody know I could talk to anyone on my side. So, you know, like I just very withdrawal from everybody.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, for a moment, let's do this experiment now and wants you to notice little one for our for Sarah in that room. But that's when she was nine. So just picture her little self there she's in that room and I want you to sort of oscillate, which means move back and forth from her.
Gwenevere Abriel: To you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are an adult. Those things are not happening to you right now and you are okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And forth, and I want you to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where does Alex want you to she wants you across the country just outside the door knocking on the door on the phone.
Alicia Noedel: Being there with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, there we go. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: So where did you feel me one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yep, to be Alice and am I still saying your name correctly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Alice and ELISA and what are what's adult you. What are you up to in there. What you doing
Alicia Noedel: Talking to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Are you guys looking at each other in the eye.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What a faces look like
Okay, come face.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have a calm face now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking at each other. So you can look at each other and
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see if we can have our Alice ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Elisa a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's wondered
Gwenevere Abriel: How she has wondered when
Gwenevere Abriel: Just even proposing that how's Alice doing
Alicia Noedel: worrisome.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, does she look away from her adult self. Did she look away.
Alicia Noedel: Her face changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're worried about
Alicia Noedel: Herself and future.
Gwenevere Abriel: As she no longer looking at Elisa
Alicia Noedel: No, she is
Gwenevere Abriel: She's looking at her. What does she see
Alicia Noedel: Calmness still
Alicia Noedel: Lost my composure.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is Alice worried about
Gwenevere Abriel: 50 check and see if Alice has picked the right person just the right person to ask these questions of how is this substance use with my parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: And subsequent physical abuse and neglect. How is it going to stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alice pick
Gwenevere Abriel: Right for
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Let me hear how it sounds if Alice would ask
Alicia Noedel: Going to be normal again.
Alicia Noedel: When am I going to be okay.
Alicia Noedel: Because if they started again stopped doing drugs everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you do
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she do
Alicia Noedel: Everything's gonna be okay. One day, it's not gonna last forever. It feels like an eternity right now.
Alicia Noedel: It feels like there's no light at the end of the tunnel one day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can you look at
Gwenevere Abriel: Really look at her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She okay
Alicia Noedel: Strong
Gwenevere Abriel: No stealing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you do see anything any strengthen her
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, she's strong
Alicia Noedel: Defeated
Gwenevere Abriel: Conference, or by holding our and telling or everything's going to get better. This will pass
Gwenevere Abriel: What is Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: Alice response to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You probably already past. It was the first response.
Alicia Noedel: When I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I got to hear that stuff right I'll believe it when I see it. So do you trust. What are they saying
Alicia Noedel: Yes, but I would
Alicia Noedel: Have reservations.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell the adult self. What's your have reservations about
Alicia Noedel: It's been going on for so long.
Alicia Noedel: That I don't see anything.
Alicia Noedel: Changing for the positive
Gwenevere Abriel: If you've got another question for the adult Ellis.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can get your answers you have every right to ask them, you didn't have a right before. So go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want a moment ago, and what it looked like was why me
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: seemed like it was for you.
Alicia Noedel: I just, I just got overwhelmed by thinking about how much I missed out on being a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it. Now we got somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where we use the magic. So we've got to be able to say that, but it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: I I think maybe something like
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you tap into some anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you steer instead of sorrow and defeat. What could Alice say because remember
Gwenevere Abriel: All of the human condition.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of it now just turning all of that inward into the salt we can make me angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: can at least see a here that are just someone else needs to hear this. This if there were anger, who, who would need to be the audience.
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing that came to mind we rolled it out. What was one of the ones you rolled out
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about this one. I missed out on being a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it wasn't sad and sorrow. What if it was you were angry that you missed out who would listen to you would you need to tell that to
Alicia Noedel: My parents
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And a distance that would seem safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where they couldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Do anything to hurt you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of for a moment, if you could, in your family with you being in this room, you can have however you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture where those parents would be, they could be on the moon. They could be just outside the door, they could you can have anything you want with this, but if you gave Alice yourself permission in here. And again, you have this magic or you get to say your piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: How would those parents appear, where would they be, what would they be doing
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you be doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so can you picture. ALICE HAS THE PHONE IN THAT ROOM.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm kind of on
Alicia Noedel: The line of course was
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Carlos.
Gwenevere Abriel: And today, color. Do you call
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, where's this adult. Could this adult do it for you. Is there a sense that you don't want to make that call that that's not, is there a way that maybe Elisa could make the call.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Does that feel better than I, just, yeah. Because a little girls job is not to be
Gwenevere Abriel: All of that you were already
Gwenevere Abriel: Returned to foot. Great. And the whole point of childhood. So now it makes sense to healthy Elise, you make the call, doesn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yeah, exactly. Okay, so how does that happen Alessia
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you picture when she do
Alicia Noedel: Just say
Alicia Noedel: That
Alicia Noedel: You need to know how
Alicia Noedel: Even though I didn't show it. I kept it inside a lot that every single one of their negative actions that I was exposed to affected me
Alicia Noedel: And I wasn't allowed to be a kid because they had to worry about my safety all the time.
Alicia Noedel: I had to worry about whether or not I had to go across the street and still a bag of chips.
Alicia Noedel: I couldn't just worry about playing with my Barbies.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You are feeling the feelings of the little girl, the difference
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do that, it'll be more difficult for you to stand your ground with your parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: So borrow some indignation. As in, would you do the same thing to your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: If someone took over and started to treat them that way. What would you do
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is. There. That's a hard no right.
Alicia Noedel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the, that's the good stuff of what what the vitality that comes from anger everybody gives anger such a bad rap.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's got some cool juice in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not here. It's just me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to just dip in and you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of feeling the feelings of Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: She to be a little angry and and we me
Gwenevere Abriel: How fucking dare you in there like that. Not like that your way, but
Gwenevere Abriel: This is unacceptable.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We throw all those good communication skills and where we can't make them see because they're in addiction because of all that they cannot hear the subtle. It's just not a possibility. But you're representing protection, keeping her safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I'm the parents and you're on the phone with me. The first thing you want to say to me.
Alicia Noedel: Why, he still acting like your kids like your teenagers. Why are you acting like as if you don't have children Mary's
Alicia Noedel: You didn't want us. You shouldn't have had us
Alicia Noedel: Things need to change this is a right
Gwenevere Abriel: To tell me what you want me to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Active addiction and I can't reason I cannot problem solve. So you just tell me what you're going to do.
Alicia Noedel: We do street loser.
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: I don't think either of you guys realize how many times she sat in a room and wanted to kill herself, because she feels so low.
Alicia Noedel: That gets me sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But your sadness.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't you tap in just a little bit. We've only got a minute here. Now I need to do some processing. So
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you notice about the way I did it, my little my little animation, but it look like to you when I did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Narrative I looked assertive. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alyssa. Have you been able to cultivate assertiveness in your development.
Alicia Noedel: Everything so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe that's the word we use is it's not anger. It's so assert
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself on the phone with your parents and say definitively what
Gwenevere Abriel: What. Absolutely. You're going to set a boundary and a limit that gives Alice the space to play your kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow on this, you're going to either assert demand state. It's not going to be a question. It's going to be a search
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say to me, representing parent
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes possible play for the child.
Alicia Noedel: You guys should be ashamed of yourselves.
Alicia Noedel: If you don't stop what you're doing.
Alicia Noedel: You know,
Alicia Noedel: You're either gonna die or be an open jail and I'm gonna she's gonna end up in foster care and God knows what's gonna
Alicia Noedel: Do you want to be a statistic.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're asking a question. I'm an active addiction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't be able to answer that. I want you to tell me be assertive and tell me
Alicia Noedel: What would it be a statistic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you need to protect Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because you're the adult right now. She's not even on the phone, but you are going to protect her her right to play.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can find some anger in there.
Alicia Noedel: And then start being parents
Gwenevere Abriel: The parents
Gwenevere Abriel: Your parents, what do I need to do. Tell me what to
Alicia Noedel: reassure her
Alicia Noedel: And mean it.
Alicia Noedel: And follow through.
Alicia Noedel: With everything being okay
Alicia Noedel: That just talking out of your ass.
Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: All through with give me three things. At least I need to follow through with what, what do you mean follow through follow through with what
Alicia Noedel: Providing a safe environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what else
Alicia Noedel: With providing emotional
Alicia Noedel: Support
Alicia Noedel: And when it just handling your business behind closed doors to see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to end with this piece want you to picture that in this space and
Gwenevere Abriel: closed doors. In fact, there's locks and on the other side.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't care, don't know but your food heat toys clothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Blankets all of it is taken care of. Because in here. You can play in here. So as we end today, I'd like you to see what I noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't don't analyze it, but just notice other were note toys in there. So see if you can bring up something for Alice that she is cozy. She's warm noticed the tummy. It's level. You didn't say empty, you just said level. So let's look. Let's go there and imagine that it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Fed and fueled
Gwenevere Abriel: And just what you need and punch your picture how
Gwenevere Abriel: How it could be playing inside
Gwenevere Abriel: Toy
Gwenevere Abriel: If you knew you didn't have to take care or worry about anything, what would she get to play with.
Alicia Noedel: Barbie.
Alicia Noedel: Dolls. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture the dolls with the shoes and the clothes and can you picture is she enjoying playing with the dolls just yourself or is Alicia, there is, Mom. There is a friend. What is just you adults, TOO. SO, ALLISON at all.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Hey, please, please, I bought
Alicia Noedel: Myself a lot when I was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Barbie dolls and what game are you playing. I want you to really get into it as we kind of wrapped today up. Let me get into that.
Alicia Noedel: Once you leave.
Alicia Noedel: Family
Alicia Noedel: Are used to pretend that I was a rich family and they'll have like seven different Barbies at once all talking to each other.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: I would set up little said never haven't Dollhouse or anything. So I would make little rooms all over my room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can kind of be
Alicia Noedel: Thought about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of see those rooms.
Gwenevere Abriel: And knowing that you can have that
Gwenevere Abriel: That Barbie doll house if you want in this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe you just like the ones that you created yourself that's up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see them kind of moving around and playing and really getting lost in the storyline.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you get to wander in your own mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your own imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's play
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to do that in this room.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the temperature
Alicia Noedel: Warm
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you playing on the couch on the on the
Floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before in front of the couch and what's the emotion.
Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any charge left in the legs right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any things stirring around any discomfort anywhere right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. So nothing to drop off the gorge.
Lou.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know you're happy. Where do you feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's a funny question.
Alicia Noedel: Because I don't have anything on your mind.
Alicia Noedel: I can be. I can be the thoughtless
Alicia Noedel: I'm just
Alicia Noedel: That's what I'm doing. I have to worry about anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet you and me. And are you going to be in group to our
Alicia Noedel: Thursday. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do forget to
Gwenevere Abriel: Send a message to
Alicia Noedel: What was that, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Medication to get you to Thursday.
Alicia Noedel: Um I Dr. Real gave me two weeks, but it wouldn't have to go out. She was 28 of them, so I wouldn't have to go out for the next
Gwenevere Abriel: Night, I
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, I know this is hard to answer. Do you have enough medication to get you to Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, fantastic. You work so hard. Oh my goodness, I'm only jumping out because I've got to go run a group and about four minutes behind. So I'm gonna jump in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to meet again, let me know if we've sort of rattle some things and you need to meet again, just let me know. See if we can create some time. Otherwise, I'll see you on Thursday.
Alicia Noedel: Thursday. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: Have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You too. Bye.